Mollie Kuramoto laborer kettle guys make
sure that you try these supplements out
there very very good very healthy
natural and you can check the link in
the description box that is nature's
blend black seed oil and they have other
things as well oh yeah no a little boy
boy boy hope you enjoyed the video so so
have it on the show today with us
professor Chomsky who simply does not
need any introduction I wanted to ask
him for us a Chomsky the first question
is I mean the report criticized in the
UK in the US on how they deal with the
corona virus and I want to ask you the
first question being what advice would
you give to UK and US politicians on how
to deal with the corona virus with
corona virus well first of all I would
they're different britain at first the
cook the worst possible stance caused
the disaster but then they reversed
course and they're now moving towards
what same countries have done and
contained it the u.s. is a complete
disaster the worst in the world they
waited for until mid-march that to begin
to take the steps that everyone who was
necessary the US intelligence was
telling them hi
US health officials were telling them it
was obvious even the newspaper readers
but Trump was too busy looking at his TV
ratings and playing golf he just decided
to kill tens of thousands of people now
in a desperate effort to cover up the
crimes they trying to blame somebody
else so blame the Chinese playing the
World Health Organization blame the
governors what he's doing right now is
making the crisis as bad as possible in
order to improve his election
possibilities as you've seen he said
will the federal government can
do anything but first the line was from
the room of the world
I do everything just listen for me now
the line is we can't do anything it's up
to the governor's we don't get any help
of course but it's your problem to deal
with it and the things go wrong it's
your fault not my fault if anything
happens to come out right I'll take
credit for it he's basically informing
the governor's you're the ones
responsible not me okay that's Garrett
what I'm not going to help federal
government has all the wealth and
resources but we're not going to do
anything
we're too busy with other things like
killing people and of course it's going
to make it worse then he comes up with
these crazy pronouncements May first
everything then says the office of the
next day in fact I don't know if this is
conscious or not maybe it's just
intuitive with him but he's following a
very clever strategy though the liberal
press criticizes him for saying one
thing today in the office of tomorrow
and so on but that's a very smart
strategy it means that whatever happens
he'll be validated then you should
errors randomly if one of them will hit
the target and then you can say see I
knew it all along and it'll be amplified
by his echo chamber in Fox News so
something that was the most brilliant
thing everyone in this period it's a
very clever strategy and it's same with
leaving the role to the governors so if
anything goes wrong it's not my fault
oh we're we happen to have a sociopathic
make illuminating act in the White House
and it's causing enormous damages not
only to the United States but to the
world right now in fact if you notice
he's encouraging the armed militias
which are you know the
carrying out demonstrations in
statehouses other to say we want our
freedom back in other words we want to
be able to infect everybody no one else
in the world is doing this except both
snoring Raziel crazy the comedian's
so do you think that moving in the
direction of countries like South Korea
and Japan sorry dr. pan but South Korea
Hong Kong and other countries like that
would be the correct kind of course of
action for countries like UK in the u.s.
there's no question of Taiwan Singapore
South Korea New Zealand have it pretty
much under control like China to live in
following the sensible measures proposed
by just about specialization furthermore
they started right away the China had
despite all the screaming about China
they had given out all the relevant
information by January 9th as soon as
they discovered the Chinese scientists
had identified by then that it was a
corona virus that sequence the genome
given the information that in the entire
world that point was a lot of details
were unknown but it was basically
understood and the countries that have
governments that are concerned for their
own populations badly right away Europe
sort of waited awhile and can't believe
these were finally started acting as I
said the UK started off with Boris
Johnson's craziness but then went back
to something like what other countries
are doing the United States alone it's
the only country that's so far off the
spectrum that the United States is the
one country that cannot even provide
data about how many cases there are and
how many deaths
the country roosters day and on a
personal level how are you coping with
them with the look down you personally
look privileged live in a place where we
can stay along nobody nearby other
people don't know we live in you know if
we were still living in an apartment in
chambers would be much worried even
though that would still be privileged
plenty of people don't even have that
and of course the worst of all or the
really poor and underprivileged people
and homeless people people in the slums
even prisons for them it's a total
disaster and the United States is
uniquely savage in this respect so if
you're unemployed and if I should lose
your job you know you've been well that
means you lose your health insurance we
don't have a guaranteed health worker so
that means she get symptoms of the virus
or take the done this is we proceed
struck with food comes from being the
business from society bound by the
strict delivery rules so totally
dysfunctional yeah well I mean I want to
ask you another question you'll note for
your support kind of for minorities to
bolster the voice of the otherwise like
voiceless people so I wanted to ask a
question cuz obviously you've written
manufacturing consent which is very well
known I'm first of all I'm as a member
of the Muslim community very indebted to
you and very much appreciative of what
you've done for my convenience I'm sure
many Muslims feel the same way but I
want us to ask him to be your advice on
something
taking the example of was this YouTube
channel that I'm gonna be putting this
on as well as many other kind of Muslim
YouTube channels that try and educate
people by Islam
to what extent do you think the
utilization of social media is important
for bolstering the voice of an otherwise
voiceless people minorities in the West
for example well social media offer the
opportunity but somebody has to grasp
the opportunity and there have been you
know that others are gonna be grasping
it the ones who want to so hate and
anger and racism and conformity they're
gonna be using question is whether
others with this goes way back
incidentally look back at the year when
cable television was introduced there
was a legislation in Congress the this
spectrum electronic spectrum of course
is publicly owned and it was given as a
gift to a couple of major private
enterprises we decide to give you that
gift you can have cable television but
there was a provision in the original
Act that required the big cable
companies to set up small community
based cables installations there in
communities all over the country they're
not you know Fox News but they have
reasonable facilities I'm sure better
facilities in us have they been used by
the left they're gonna take it over
almost by the right-wing crazies a
couple of them are used and are very
effective but it's rare let's talk about
them well this is has been I've been
trying for years to get left-wing groups
that complained rightly about being cut
off from the media to use these
facilities I mean you reach all the
community that way and if you have good
stuff people tune in my major effect
same with social media yes they can be
is going to use them yeah I mean we
found that I'm obviously there's lots of
studies like pew research which shows
that more interaction you have with
minority groups the less likely there is
to be discrimination the more likely
those through tolerance and acceptance
we found that just educating people on
the basics of Islamic belief things like
we believe in one God meant for very
ignorant or the fact we believe that
Jesus is the Messiah and you know from
the Christian community and that we
believe that you know from Muhammad was
the final messenger that we have very
similar beliefs to Christians and Jews
in the sense that you know believe that
there's one God worthy of worship just
very basic things like that I think from
my experience just educating people on
the basics of Islam as simple as it may
be has actually had a profound effect on
social cohesion and harmony on you know
tolerance you know and so on and so
forth so what will its ask you us you
know do you think that the coronavirus
now is is putting people into kind of
like an existential angst do you think
that this is actually prompting people
to ask about the ultimate questions in
life some things like why why am I here
what's the purpose of life do you think
it will have that effect depends on
people like you it could have that
effect if people use the opportunity
otherwise it won't right we know that
there are some who are going to use the
opportunity exactly the people who are
sowing hatred bitterness fear of others
racism and so on they'll be using it
question is whether anybody else yes yes
with with that I mean do you think you
think and they educate the oils
yes wait wait how to try and try and
harmony in this time so what kind of
advice to do in order and harmony I do
everything from talking to your
neighbors yes up to mining organized
groups that are pressing for changing
nationalism you can be educating people
about some very elementary facts in
Europe so there's something in Europe
now excluding Britain that's called the
European Union yes okay how are they
reacting Germany's richest most powerful
country these pretty much handled it for
themselves disagree a couple of miles
across the border is one of the real
that's a lot of people
the people the elderly population in
German they need help and assistance are
they getting it from Germany that's the
European Union are they getting any yeah
from the superpower across the Atlantic
to be the one country which is showing
how to be genuinely internationalist as
they've been doing for decades okay
that's a country that's not exactly in
the optimal conditions it's been crushed
white us violence and terror an economic
warfare ever since it declared
independent became independent it's not
in great tree but nevertheless they've
been teaching the world a lesson not the
repressor and they're doing it once
again with Chinese assistance okay are
there some lessons they're genuine
internationalism are there some lessons
we can bring to people I think so
this goes all the way up to genuinely
creating the progressive intervention
thank you that's happening you can take
part in their first international
conference is coming up in November this
was called by Bernie Sanders in the
United States
Yanis varoufakis in your sounders m25
which is working on this of course it's
possible to become a participant on a
supporter the idea is to create a
progressive International which will
bring in the rest of the world global
South others which will counter the
reactionary international that's being
constructed in the White House you're
supposed to run with
[Music]
yes appreciation that's very small
around the world thank you very much and
hopefully